Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal:
They're coming, gentlemen.
Yuma Tsukumo and
Astral are coming.
Where are we?
I do not have a good feeling.
Welcome.
Vector!
This is Sargasso,
a dimensional wasteland
and your final destination.
All right, Vector,
where is Ray?
Well, here he is,
but I'm afraid he is...resting.
(laughing)
Ray, no, wake up!
I said he's resting.
However, I failed to
mention his rest will be...
an eternal one.
♪
I swear that I'll
crush you, Vector!
Duel Gazer, let's roll.
-Let's duel!
You're goin' down!
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Number 39: Utopia.
You fool!
Sargasso the Different
Dimension Battlefield activate!
(groaning)
♪
♪ Still together as one
'cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never,
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing,
believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪
Yuma!
(groaning)
Shark, I don't understand.
What just happened?
Master K-Kite!
Is it?
It is a field spell.
Correct.
In fact, you triggered
the field spell
Sargasso the Different
Dimension Battlefield yourself.
Ah, what do you mean I--
You Xyz Summoned,
just as I knew you would!
Then this was planned.
Due to Sargasso's effect,
when you summon an Xyz monster,
you take 500 points of damage.
And there is more.
When the player has an
Xyz monster on his field,
he takes 500 points of damage
every time his turn ends.
That's interesting.
Now damage isn't a risk,
it's a guarantee.
I'm good with that.
This should make things
much more fun, am I right?
This means they will all
suffer damage as well.
What is the point?
Now you listen!
I don't care about
your field spell.
I'm gonna beat you, Vector.
(groaning)
And for what you did to Ray,
I promise I'll make you pay!
Now that's a real friend.
Ray, you should
thank your buddy.
Too bad you'll
never be able to.
Yuma, please calm
down, listen to me.
(Vector laughing)
Giving in to your anger,
that is just what Vector wants.
Right, I place one card
face-down and end my turn.
Let's see what you're made of.
It's your turn.
Now his life points
are gonna take a hit!
(lightning crashes)
♪
(groaning)
Oh, that--that
dumbbell d-delinquent.
Master K-Kite!
Okay, I activate
Galaxion's special ability!
By using two Overlay Units,
I can summon a monster
more savage than a supernova,
with a cataclysmic force of
ten black holes put together,
a cosmic spirit that
vaporizes anything in its path!
Ha!
Appear, Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon.
(roars)
(laughing)
I place one card
face-down and end my turn.
(lightning crashes)
Ah, Master K-Kite!
(grunting)
No, now Kite's down.
(laughing)
Friends to the end.
My turn.
I summon Umbral Horror Ghoul.
♪
Now I activate Umbral Horror
Ghoul's special ability.
By making this card's
attack points zero,
I can summon a couple of my
favorite Umbral monsters.
♪
Come, two Umbral Horror
Will o' the Wisps.
Now I activate Umbral
Horror Will o' the Wisps'
special ability.
I can make its level the
same as my Horror Ghoul!
So they both
become level four.
Now Vector's got three
level-four monsters.
Keep calm.
I overlay my level four
Umbral Horror Ghoul
and two Umbral Horror
Will 'o the Wisps.
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon...
Number 104: Masquerade!
Use your brilliance to
force these duelist insects
to grovel at your feet!
♪
He's got a number out, Astral.
But Sargasso's effect's
gonna hurt Vector now, too.
He's gonna lose 500 life points!
(laughing)
I activate the spell
Sargasso Lighthouse.
I send it to the Graveyard
to negate Sargasso
Battlefield's effect!
And as long as this Lighthouse
stays in the Graveyard,
the field spell can't
deal me any damage!
Ugh, just great.
He planned his
defensive strategy well.
(Vector laughing)
Oh, no, Vector's
gonna be safe and sound
but Yuma's got
nothing to protect him.
It's a cat-astrophe!
Every time you play,
Sargasso makes you pay.
(grumbles)
Now, Masquerade,
attack Utopia!
No way, Vector!
I activate Utopia's
special ability,
Light Wing Shield.
That won't work.
And why's that?
Because I activate
Masquerade's special ability.
By using one Overlay Unit,
your monster's special
ability is negated!
Then as an extra special bonus,
you take 800 points of damage!
(groans)
Yuma!
And the fun doesn't stop there.
Masquerade will now finish
off Utopia once and for all.
I activate Half Unbreak.
I use this trap to save
Utopia from destruction.
♪
And not only that, I only take
half the damage from Masquerade.
(groans)
You are resilient,
like a cockroach.
If I can keep Utopia around,
I can bring out Utopia Ray V
and win this thing.
The longer you survive,
the more fun it will be
to stomp you out.
I place one card
face-down and end my turn.
You'll see.
I'm gonna do to you exactly
what you did to my friend Ray.
Yuma.
Quiet, Astral!
I don't care what anybody says.
Control yourself.
I can't, and you
can't understand
how I feel about Ray.
All he ever did...
was help me!
(laughing)
My turn.
I draw.
I summon Star Seraph Scout.
♪
(gasps)
And I activate Scout's
special ability.
When this card is
successfully summoned,
I can summon another
Star Seraph from my hand.
♪
Come out, Star Seraph Sage.
Let's see what you got.
Now I activate
Sage's special ability.
I send the spell Sargasso
Lighthouse to the Graveyard.
♪
That lets me summon
Star Seraph Sword.
♪
He's got the Lighthouse spell
that stops
Sargasso's effect, too?
That's not fair!
I do not care if it is or not.
I have to do whatever
it takes to defeat you.
Good luck.
I overlay level four
Star Seraph Scout,
Sage, and Sword.
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon.
♪
Appear, Number 102:
Star Seraph Sentry.
♪
(gasps)
It's massive.
Time to get to work.
My turn.
I draw.
When you have a monster with
at least 2,000 attack points,
I am allowed to
summon this monster.
Appear, Schwarzschild
Limit Dragon.
♪
Bring it on.
Since it is a
level eight monster,
I am also allowed to summon
Parsec, the Interstellar Dragon,
without Tributing
another monster.
(roars)
Now I overlay level eight
Schwarzschild and Parsec.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network.
I Xyz Summon Number 107:
Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon!
(roars)
♪
(lightning crashes)
Come on.
I'm waiting, hurry up and
play Sargasso Lighthouse
like your other Barian buddies.
I could, but that is
not the way I duel.
There is no honor
in defeating you
unless we are on a
level dueling field,
because this battle
is the ultimate test
to prove who is the one true
master of the Galaxy-Eyes.
It's me.
♪
My turn.
I play Rank-Up-Magic
Limited Barian's Force.
Wait, Yuma.
What are you stopping me for?
If you summon a
Chaos Xyz monster,
you will lose life points
due to Sargasso's effect.
I'm gonna lose 500 life points
every turn no matter what,
but I'm not going
down without a fight.
I gotta use Utopia
Ray V to end this.
I am convinced there
is something strange
about this duel.
-Strange?
-Yes.
As if Vector is
luring us in somehow.
Vector is different from when
we battled him previously.
Maybe so, but I
can't chicken out.
I gotta win this
battle for Ray!
Yuma, stay calm.
Enough!
This is terrible!
Yuma and Astral are fighting.
If those two aren't in sync,
this duel could be
a total disaster.
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Limited Barian's Force.
Yuma.
This card ranks up Utopia
into a Chaos Xyz monster.
I rebuild the Overlay
Network with Utopia!
♪
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Come on out, Chaos Number 39,
Utopia Ray V!
♪
This is awesome!
(cheering)
Utopia Ray V?
That's going to cost you 500
life points, Yuma Tsukumo.
(lightning crashes)
(groans)
Yuma!
I'm okay.
(grunts)
I activate Utopia Ray
V's special ability.
I use a Chaos Overlay Unit
to destroy Masquerade,
and you take damage equal to
that monster's attack points.
You're through.
I'm gonna do to you
what you did to Ray.
Utopia Ray V,
slice Masquerade with
Spinning Blades of Destruction.
♪
(explosion)
(groans)
♪
(cheering)
Now if this direct attack
succeeds, Yuma wins!
Hey guys, look.
Where'd Vector go?
Is he...
Astral?
Astral, he's gone!
Perhaps it is possible
that your attack
sent Vector into
another dimension.
Uh, Astral.
That means I won.
(gasps)
Ray.
I won, Ray.
You're my friend,
and I won it for you!
(crying)
♪
(sobbing)
Yuma.
Ray?
(groaning)
But how?
Ray!
You're...
He's okay!
Ray, Ray, you're okay!
Ray!
(muffled sounds)
(muffled laughter)
(gasping)
(Ray laughing maniacally)
Yuma!
Ray, are you okay?
(laughing)
I'm more than just okay.
Ray, what's wrong with you?
Why, nothing's wrong, Yuma.
Nothing at all.
(laughing)
(gasps)
Now, Barian Battlemorph!
♪
Vector!
(gasps)
So you disguised
yourself as Ray?
What did you do
with him, Vector?
Where's the real Ray?
The real Ray?
You mean you
still don't get it?
I'm Vector, and I'm your
little friend Ray, too.
That's a lie!
All the time I was dueling you,
Ray was lying right there!
The other day, you grabbed Ray.
We all saw it.
Things are not
always as they appear.
The Vector you dueled before
and the one who's
been dueling you here
were my clones,
but the whole time
I, the real Vector,
took the form of your very
good friend Ray Shadows.
Got you!
I'm guessing you didn't see
that coming, did you, Yuma?
It wasn't easy pretending to
be an innocent little twerp,
but being your friend
and helping you duel
was all part of the plan!
This can't be.
Ray was a Barian.
(gasps)
But you're so easy to fool.
You believed everything
that came out of my mouth.
I mean, Ray's mouth!
No way.
There is no way you're Ray!
Ray is a real friend.
I could tell if he was a phony.
Oh, really?
Well, maybe this
will change your mind.
I gave you five Barian
cards for your deck, friend.
(gasps)
I'm leaving these with you.
Why?
Because you're gonna need
all the help you can get, Yuma.
Barian cards?
Yuma, Ray gave you Barian cards?
You knew he was a Barian?
(laughing)
Yuma!
I'm sorry.
I can't...
(Vector laughing)
You can't admit it, can you?
You promised your very
special friend Ray you wouldn't
because I asked you not to!
Yuma.
(groans)
♪
I can't...believe it.
Thanks for keeping your
promise and not telling anyone
our little secret.
(laughing maniacally)
(groans)
I attack with Utopia Ray V!
Go!
Ha.
I activate the trap
Vain Betrayer.
It not only stops your attack,
but Utopia Ray V loses
all its special abilities.
Furthermore, all V cards
in your deck are sent
to the Graveyard.
(groans)
That's not all.
For each V card that
was sent to the Graveyard,
I regain 500 life
points for every one.
(gasps)
Five V cards were
sent to the Graveyard!
That means I get
2,500 life points back.
Obviously Vector even planned on
regaining his lost life points.
Wait, there's more.
For every V card that
was sent to the Graveyard,
five cards in your deck go
straight to the Graveyard, too.
-Oh no!
Five cards for each one.
Disaster.
♪
Yuma!
Huh?
Twenty-five of Yuma's
cards go to the Graveyard.
(laughing)
Not 25.
The V cards went, too,
so it's a total of 30!
♪
He destroyed your deck.
Destroyed my deck?
You only have three cards left.
When you can no longer
draw a card, then...
you lose the duel.
I want to relish this.
I want to destroy
you bit by bit.
(groans)
Vector has carefully
planned for this moment
from the very beginning.
And creating Ray was
the key to it all.
Exactly, I knew
Yuma would never part
with the cards I gave him
and that he would always
keep them in his deck.
What a friend.
So loyal, so gullible.
Once he saw what I had
done to his friend Ray,
I also knew Yuma
would lose control
and he would summon
Utopia Ray V.
My plan worked perfectly.
You did exactly what I thought
you would, you little pest.
(laughing maniacally)
I fooled you good!
(groaning)
Yuma.
♪
Poor Yuma.
You only have three cards left.
But you won't quit
fighting, will you?
Only it doesn't matter
if you quit or not,
because the game's
already over for all of you!
And you have one
person to thank,
your good friend Yuma Tsukumo.
He's brought you
all to your doom!
It's true.
It's my fault.
I guess you could say
that things turned out...
the Ray way!
(laughing maniacally)
♪
Yuma.